Use mounted hostpath instead, removing CSIs (#9)
ksuderman/galaxy-k8s-boot: README.md

sudo apt install ansible
```

## Launching the VM

When launching a VM, use Ubuntu 24.04 image, attach a security group with ports

> 22, 80, and 6443 open, and on AWS enable V1 metadata service. Also attach a

Reviewer: Why 6443? Also, shouldn't 443 be open?

Author: 6443 is for remote kubectl access.

443 sure but given ACCP's decision about not supporting ssl for the pilot, no need for the time being.

Reviewer: Sounds good for 443. For kubectl we can just use ssh port forwarding?

block storage disk (minimum size of the disk should be 100GB), create a file
system on the disk, and mount it. By default, the playbook expects the disk to

> be mounted at `/mnt/eb` but this is configurable via `eb_disk_path` variable in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be mounted at `/mnt/block_storage` but this is configurable via `block_storage_disk_path` variable in
```

Once the inventory file is created, we can run the playbooks to deploy the Kubernetes cluster and the Galaxy instance. The playbook takes the arguments

- `kube_cloud_provider`: must be one of `gcp`, `aws`, or `openstack`

```bash

> ansible-playbook -i inventories/my-server.ini playbooks/playbook.yml --extra-vars "kube_cloud_provider=aws"

Reviewer: Do we need the kube_cloud_provider variable anymore?

Author: Currently yes just because there galaxy install is dependent on it. I think we can likely remove that in the future.

Reviewer 2: And I think we should keep `kube_cloud_provider` so the playbook(s) can be use by anyone anywhere, not just ACCP on AWS.

Author: Yes, absolutely want to be able to use it on diff clouds but given that we're just working with a simple VM, it seems we shouldn't need to differentiate even on which cloud we're running and in turn remove the 3 repetitive install galaxy tasks. I haven't looked at the details of all that yet but will eventually.
